# Skills {#local_planner_skills}
Skills define specific behaviors that every robot is capable of. Examples for skills are ``getBall`` or ``driveToPoint``. The execution of a `skill` is called `task`. `Task` consist of a `Skill` pointer and the [TaskData](task_data.md) object, which stores the robot that should execute the ``skill`` along with other information required for specific ``skills``.

## Structure
`Skills` are build from [components](components/components.md). Every `skill` consists of a fixed number of [steps](components/steps.md) that define the behavior of the robot. [Steps](components/steps.md) provide a function, that returns a [RobotCommand](../../robot_interface/README.md) which should be sent to the robot. The [RobotCommand](../../robot_interface/README.md) defined by the [step](components/steps.md) depends on the specific destiny of the [step](components/steps.md). There are [steps](components/steps.md) for driving, to turn on/off the dribbler or just for waiting. Which steps currently is executed is irrelevant for the [LocalPlanner](local_panner.md), as every [step](components/steps.md) implements the same `calcCommandMessage` method. Along with the [RobotCommand](../../robot_interface/README.md) a the method returns a `Step::State`, which signals the `skill` whether the current [step](components/steps.md) is finished in this control loop cycle or if the same step should be executed in the next cycle. The `skill` itself provides a function for the [agent](agent.md) that forwards the [RobotoCommand](../../robot_interface/README.md) and state.

## Implementation
All `skills` are stored in a [SkillBook](../../skills/README.md). For every `skill` the SkillBook holds one **const** Object of the `Skill` class. This object acts as "instructions" for every ``skill`` execution. That means that only const references on `Skill` objects can be gained from the [SkillBook](../../skills/README.md) and that `Skill` Objects cannot be copied. Thus all required current data for calculating the [RobotCommand](../../robot_interface/README.md) have to be provided to the `calcCommandMessage` method of `skills`. These include the [WorldModel](../../transform/README.md), the [TaskData](task_data.md), the robot and the point in time for which the calculations should be made. Also the current step number is required, as the ``skills`` have no capability to store data them self.